Each of us are leading, whether we want
to admit it or not.
>> What is it that made being held by 11
people while I cried, made me a better
leader?
>> It's like being on a river and you're a
boatman. If you are not listening to and
following the river, you are screwed.
Listen to the calling and follow it.
Welcome to the art of accomplishment,
where we explore living the life you
want with enjoyment and ease. Today
we're going to talk about leadership and
how everybody is a leader in their lives
whether you recognize it or not. Joe,
you often say that leadership is for
everyone. What does that mean?
>> Yeah, it it means literally that
everybody is leading. A lot of the thing
about leadership is that people don't
admit it to themselves. So when we're
talking about leadership here, we're
talking about the quality that is in all
of us. We are not talking about you've
been given a title or you have some sort
of control or apparent control over
other people.
>> Yeah. So you're also another way of
saying that is like we're talking about
the way of being that leadership is
correct not the assignment of leadership
the assignment of authority.
>> Correct. Yeah. Yeah. That's right. And
so um and I think that the most
important thing about outside of
everybody is actually always leading and
to recognize that is to uh think about
leadership as
we all want to lead a great life. We all
want to
um follow our convictions
and and they actually are one in the
same thing.
>> Yeah. I like how you just said lead and
follow as though they Yeah. So, can you
unpack that a little bit?
>> Yeah. So, the thing about great leaders
is that they follow. They have a strong
sense of conviction over what they think
to be the way or what's right or
anything like that. They have this
strong sense of conviction.
Leadership begins by listening to that
in yourself and following that. Being
able to listen to the thing that you
think that you have conviction over.
listen to the calling and follow it.
Now, that doesn't have to be like a big
calling like I'm going to save the world
or I'm going to free all the people of
like the war torn country. It can be
just like I am really convinced that
this thing like changing the order of
operations in the postal service. I
believe in this and I have a I'm going
to follow that belief. So the the very
act of leadership that is following
you can't really separate them because
there is no leader that everybody's like
yeah I love your leadership because you
never follow what you think is right
you know even if what you think is right
is to try to make everybody happy and
you're following that even if that's the
case people will follow that but what
they will not follow is somebody who's
actually not
doesn't have some level of conviction
over what they're doing. And it doesn't
even need need to be conviction like
this is right, this is wrong. It's just
I know this process. I I know that this
is the way I want to go.
>> Yeah. And so what's the distinction then
between conviction and say
hard-headedness?
>> Sometimes there is no distinction like
some some we will follow hard-headedness
because there is a conviction to it. It
hard-headedness is just not the most
effective form of conviction. M
>> meaning that um a really effective form
of conviction is I know that this is
where we want to be. I know that this is
where I want to be. This is the kind of
life I want to leave. I'm not going to
be really hard-headed about how I get
there.
Right? So, you could say
>> Martin Luther King was hard-headed about
civil rights,
hard-headed about uh being treated in an
equal manner, no matter what color,
skin, but how he got there, listening,
the interaction, having the emotional
intelligence to interact with people,
none of that was hard-headed. So, but he
had conviction in his process. He had
conviction in his in in where he wanted
to land.
>> Okay. So, I want to like reconcile this
with something here. So,
>> when when I first signed up for the
first 18-month course that I did with
you, I was like, "Oh, great. This is a
leadership course. I'm going to learn to
lead. I'll probably learn some things
about raising money. I'm going to learn
some things about being a CEO,
>> inspiring people, having a vision,
stepping in with conviction." And what I
got was being held by 11 people for an
hour while I cried. And somehow that
actually did lead to me stepping more
into leadership in my life and in my
organization and in this organization
ultimately.
>> Yeah.
>> And so how how do those two things
rectify there?
>> Yeah. So there's a lot of studies that
show that leadership uh and and how good
of a leader you are has a lot to do with
your capacity to understand yourself and
others. So basically EQ or emotional
intelligence. And so a huge part of what
was happening in that course was getting
to really be able to understand yourself
and others. And I don't know if you also
remember in the course there was also
this understanding of how leadership
arises
>> in different parts of the group at
different times. And the idea wasn't to
um become the leader. It was to
recognize leadership and follow it which
is basically how leadership works best.
Decentralized leadership studies have
shown work a lot better that when
leadership is more casebyase
dependent, it works better. And you see
it in our company as well where you are
a leader on some things. I am a leader
on some things. Matia is a leader in
some things. Mun is a leader in some
things. And they get to be that leader
as long as they're stepping into that
leadership.
>> And that we even give the authority that
way, which is rare in a company. We
actually say if you're responsible, you
get the authority.
>> Yeah. I even remember the time when Mun
suggested that we did a in-person
podcast recording with a live audience.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> And you were not convinced. But you're
like, well, like Mun's got conviction
here. So
>> I think I said, I don't want to [__]
do that. There's nothing in me that
wants to do that. Yeah, that's right.
>> Yeah.
>> And I didn't want to do it. But what I
did want to do is I wanted to follow
Mun. I I saw her conviction. It was
important to me to follow not just
because I saw her conviction which was
the the major part of it is it was
really important for me to show
everybody in the company my leadership
in that moment was to show everybody in
the company that we're going to follow
your conviction as long as it doesn't go
against our principles as long as
>> it's within the context of what we can
afford.
We're going to follow your conviction.
Yeah, it brings up some research that I
saw where it's actually the number of
people who are taking leadership in
their role in an organization that is a
better predictor of the organization
success than the quality of the top
leadership.
>> Correct. That's right. Yeah. Absolutely.
And I mean, you see this also in a lot
of studies about I think it's the it's
one of the Malcolm Gladwell books. Uh I
think it was like blink or something
where he talks about when the the uh
leadership goes down to the bottom of an
organization and people feel leadership
at the bottom of the organization. He
talked about it in the form of a war
game
>> that those that like some rag tag group
of people that without any a lot of arms
could win a significant war against the
US armed forces and this war game
because that just because of the
leadership structure the or you know the
the structure of like where the
decisions were made and and having that
sense of ownership
>> it's even like a it's a cultural mythos
for us you know like Star Wars A lot of
these myths and stories that we love to
tell are stories of some kind of ragtag
gorilla band of self-organized people
like arising and outperforming the
centralized powerful hierarchical rigid
system.
>> Yeah, that's right.
>> Yeah.
>> And so I I so what I see for sure is
that we're all leaders. Each of us are
leading whether we want to admit it or
not. What I also see is that
the conscious the bringing that into
consciousness saying oh I am leading is
a significant step
>> right so
take somebody who's a housewife they're
leading
>> or a house husband
>> or a house husband they're leading
right are they a good leader or a bad
leader
that's a that's a whole another question
and what makes a good leader and a bad
leader is Another question, but they're
leading. Everybody is leading. Everybody
has an influence on their environment
and therefore they're leading. Now the
question is, do they want to admit to it
or not admit to it? Do they want to feel
that responsibility or not feel that
responsibility?
>> Yeah. So what what underlies the
avoidance of owning owning someone's
authority, owning their owning our
leadership?
>> Yeah. Um, so there's a couple things
around it. In general, what I notice is
that they don't want to face the blame
either from themselves or for others.
There's actually this hubris to it,
which is,
>> oh, I'm I if I'm leading, I'm
responsible for other people. And one of
the things that I've learned, and I
remember learning this actually in that
same 18-month course, which was
if I feel responsible for you, even if I
am in a leadership position, if I feel
responsible for you, I'm disempowering
you. M
>> I remember this moment of I'm sitting
with somebody and I'm like, "Oh, I feel
like I've let you down." And they were
like, "That's super disempowering." I
was like, "What?"
>> Like, "I'm this leader. You You paid the
money." He's like, "What? Like, you
don't think that I'm responsible for my
own experience?"
>> And it just hit me like a ton of bricks.
Like, whoa. Holy. You know, it it was
Oh, right. I I am disempowering this
person. I am assuming that they are not
responsible for themselves.
>> Wow. Which is a very different thing
from like sherking responsibility
yourself. There's a different thing that
is correct. I'm not responsible. I'm not
which is just not owning the authority
in a different way
>> is. Exactly. Yeah. Not owning the
leadership in a different way. I'm not
responsible.
>> Yeah. And but there's another side of it
which is like I am now responsible for
all these people that I'm leading.
>> Yeah. No, they made a choice. They led
themselves to you to and they led
themselves to follow you. And so, so
that and and even there's there's this
great internet phenomenon. I think it's
a while ago, but it was this whole thing
about how it's the second person who
actually creates the
>> first the first follower creates more is
often more leadership than the person
doing it. And it's like a somebody
dancing at a concert, they're just going
crazy.
>> Mhm. and everybody's just watching for
an extended period of time and then one
other person joins to dance and then
boom, hundreds of people there like
immediately.
>> I love that video so much.
>> So do I. And
>> and so it's it's it like it's every
every one of those people led the first
person, the second person, everybody
else, everyone made it easier for
everybody else to dance.
>> Yeah. So something also interesting in
that in that piece is that if you are
making yourself like if if I were to
take a leadership role and fail if I
were to make myself responsible for
everything that would happen
>> y
>> and as a result I don't step into that
role
>> then I actually already am making myself
responsible for everything that's
happening. So, like either way, I'm in
the I'm in the leadership authority
position, but I'm just frozen in it
rather than fluidly moving into it and
owning it.
>> That's a great that is such a great
point. So, right, the the other piece
about it is somebody who is not owning
their leadership in the situation or
doesn't want to step into a bigger
leadership position. Typically
what one of the things that's pretty
certain about them is they're blaming
other people. So plenty of leaders blame
other people. I'm not saying that that's
not the case. So it's like every square
is a rectangle, but not every rectangle
is a square.
There are definitely leaders who blame
other people, but if somebody's very
scared to
step into leadership, they are blaming
other people. Mhm.
>> They're they're expecting the authority
to be handed to them or the leadership
to be handed to them and they are upset
that is not being handed to them or they
are blaming other folks for their
reality for what the way they've led
their life and so they don't want to be
the person who is blamed by others.
They're projecting that blame that they
put onto others that it's going to be on
them if they step into
conscious leadership.
>> Yeah. So that they're seeing through a
lens of blame and the not stepping into
the leadership is a way of them trying
to stay safe and avoid the blame.
>> Correct.
>> But it's actually creating a world in
which there's a lot of blame to go
around because they're not getting what
they want. They're not seeing the
changes that they want to see be made
and they are disempowering themselves
and they're likely to feel disempowered
by those around them regardless of
what's happening whether they're being
disempowered or not in those.
>> Yeah. And one of the things that I'll
see when that's when that's occurring
inside an organization is somebody will
say,
>> "There's something wrong here and
nobody's listening to me.
>> Why isn't everybody listening and now
you're upset at me for saying that
there's something wrong here?" That will
be like a common thing that gets played
out.
>> Um, and one thing is they're not taking
the leadership to actually go fix the
problem. So in our organization that
generally just does not get rewarded at
all because we follow leadership. We do
not follow blame.
>> So if that person was like that's wrong
and I'm going to go fix it.
Fantastic. Go fix. We'll all follow you.
Well, I just like I followed Mun into
doing live podcasts or like this whole
setup that we're in right now. all month
not I didn't want to do it but that
conviction is there taking
responsibility is there that leadership
is there I'm following it
>> so that's that's one piece to it um and
that's kind of calling me back to times
where I've been standing on a cliff with
a group of people a self-organized group
that may have just decided hey let's go
do this jump together and the conditions
are poor and one person might blame and
be like what do you guys think like what
are you thinking these conditions are
terrible. And another p person might
just say, "Oh, this doesn't work for me.
I'm I'm going down."
>> Right. The second one's the leader.
>> Yeah. Yeah. That person's the leader.
>> Totally.
>> Yeah.
>> That's a cool one. Yeah. Cuz when I
think about that, Yeah. I can see that
in multiple areas. It's the same way in
a marriage.
>> The person who's blaming
is really saying, "You take leadership.
You are the leader. You're taking
leadership." Blame is acknowledging the
leadership of somebody else. and and
giving yours away. There's this great
saying that says at the beginning of the
journey you blame others, in the middle
of the journey you blame yourself, at
the end there is no blame.
And definitely the more you move in that
direction, the better your leadership
becomes. Which is I think another reason
why that 18-month course
really helps people become a leader
because it's really pulling the blame
out of the system. Blaming others,
blaming yourself. It's really pulling
that blame out of the system
>> and just dealing with life as it is. not
blaming anybody for it.
>> Yeah. It also was largely about
following. It was about listening to
what's needed next. And right
>> that's that's what really I have seen
produces the best work from a team is if
whoever's
next contribution is the perfect
contribution for that moment steps
forward in exactly that moment. It works
way better than if somebody's there
directing the whole thing.
>> There's a lot of things that make great
leadership. One of the things that I
think the model I think about often
there's many models but and I think the
core is that you're you're following and
so you're following yourself but you're
also if you're in an organization or if
you're in a a movement
it's like being on a river and you're a
boatman and part of your job is to
manipulate the river and the boat and
part of your job is to follow the river.
If you are not listening to and
following the river, you are screwed,
right? Like I assume it's the same with
the wind if you're jumping off of a
cliff, right?
and and and
at the same time occasionally your job
is to manipulate the river or the boat a
little bit so that you can follow the
river better and is similarly in an
organization following the the river is
really important and which is just what
I did with mun or hundred other times
where somebody had conviction and I
didn't believe in it. So there's that.
But the the the more refined thing is
acting from view is obviously a really
great thing for leadership because it it
is that's the emotional intelligence
piece that we talked about. It's the
piece of oh I'm listening to people and
they feel heard and they feel seen and
so they want to be a part of this thing
that's happening in this organization or
or be in be on the team that I'm in.
So from view for people who are just
entering this podcast for the first
time, vulnerability, impartiality,
>> empathy and wonder in inside of
relationships to create more connection.
The more connected a team is is what we
teach in the connection course. The more
connected the team is obviously the
leader behind that connection is
somebody something that people want to
follow.
>> Mhm. But the other the other model that
I think about often is called save and
it's S stands for self-development.
Meaning that if that leader if in your
leadership in that culture people feel
like they're better this year than they
are last year that they are constantly
improving as people they're going to
stay. The second is autonomy where
people feel like they actually are in
control of their own world that that
when they do have initiative it gets
followed. when they do take leadership
it's followed that level of autonomy you
need to create alignment but you need
that level of autonomy for people V is
vision vision means oh here's where
we're going to be this is this is the
world I see that is possible for us
that's like the very beginning of vision
the second part of vision is the context
if you let me share all the context of
what makes me do this because this is
where we're headed so often times most
of the miscommun communication that
happens in an organization or what
pisses somebody off with the leader is
they don't actually know what the
leader's thinking how how they came to
the conclusion. They didn't feel like
they were a part of that process. That's
where a lot of the the rub happens.
>> And so vision is that but vision at its
purest sense is the leader ask acting as
if the reality that they're looking to
live in is already existent. So an
example of this back to Martin Luther
King
his vision was equality
that people would be treated equally.
He acted as if he were already being
treated equally. He he acted as if his
voice was just as important.
So, so it's like acting as if the thing
that you're you're working towards is
already in existence is like a very deep
form of vision
>> sort of and in other words like
leadership being what you're willing to
put up with what you
>> that's
>> what you allow.
>> That's such a good one. Yes. Yeah.
>> We can come back to that cuz I want
>> I do want to come back to that cuz
that's Yeah. Um and then there's the E
with it which is esteem means
appreciation. It means you're you're
treating somebody with respect and
appreciate all the ways that you're
working with them increases their their
esteem of themselves and of the
organization. So you're working on the
esteem. And so if you do those things,
you're a great leader. If you do those
things, people want to keep on being
with you in the organization.
And you'll notice that in that part of
that is that you're following other
everybody else's leadership because of
that autonomy. It's part of how that all
works.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. And following another word for
that is listening. Like you're listening
to
>> Yeah. Right.
>> You at the same time as you're seeing
the leadership and others and you are
holding the reality field that everybody
steps into their leadership.
>> Yeah.
>> You're also listening for where there is
leadership so that you can attune to
that and you can
>> Yeah.
>> You can enlist that into the
>> into the broader scheme and bring it
into context.
>> Yeah. If if I walk into a group and I
see
oh they are all feeling better about
themselves. They're all following their
truth. They're all like leadership is
moving around. There's autonomy
that the right person is leading at the
right moment. Who doesn't want to be a
part of that?
>> Mhm.
>> That quote that you said, I always
interpreted that in this very particular
way where I thought that meant that as a
leader, which I agree with, um, as a
leader, what you put up with is the the
quality of your leadership. I I will not
put up with defensiveness or I will not
put up with this level of performance or
whatever. But it can be taken a
different way which is the way you're
describing it as the person on the cliff
saying this isn't right. I'm walking
away. I'm not putting up with this.
And and I that just when I thought about
that that just kind of blew my mind that
it's
it's it's saying that I am I have like
an internal
integrity which by the way the studies
show that that internal integrity or
that moral compass is one of the things
that we look for in our leaders that
make for great leaders. And that's
another way of saying like what you'll
put up with. It's not just performance,
not just accountability.
>> Yeah. Clarity.
>> Yeah.
>> Clarity, values.
>> Exactly.
>> Principles.
>> Yeah. And but notice out of everything
that we've talked about, what isn't
necessary in leadership is to be right.
>> And most people think
>> or controlling
>> or controlling. They feel like they have
to be right. They feel like they have to
be in control. And actually, if you're
following a river, part of your
acknowledgement is that you're not in
control. and and being right is is not
important. Knowing the next step being
knowing how to find the next step,
right? Often times if you're following
the next step is is presented to you.
The right move is a pre is something
presented to you by a by mun telling me
no, we're doing live podcast, Joe.
>> Yeah.
>> Right. And I didn't know that was the
right thing. I thought it was the wrong
thing as it turned out.
>> Yeah. So, I I want to get more into the
emotional fundamentals like what
what is it emotionally that makes it so
challenging for people to step into
leadership? And like what is it that
made being held by 11 people while I
cried
>> made me a better leader? What is the
emotional block that somebody who's
scared to step into leadership or taking
responsibility beyond themselves
doing? How does that work?
>> Even taking responsibility for
themselves.
>> Yeah. Um, we talked about blame being a
big part of it, right? So, obviously if
you're scared to blame, if you're
blaming others, that that can deeply get
in the way of this situation. I think
the other thing is trust. So, there's a
study that shows
I'm not going to get this exact, but
that, you know, even three-year-olds
exhibit behaviors of leadership.
Leadership is that natural. If you watch
kids play in a field, you will see
leadership going from one kid to the
next, which is the way we're built,
which is why organizations that do that
are more effective.
>> So the leadership is moving from one
from one person to another person. And
you'll watch young kids exhibit
leadership. And if you're watching kids
play often ex unless somebody's been
pretty abused or super introverted
and there's a whole way of leading
through introversion too which is
interesting like it apparently it it
creates more lasting change if it's a in
introverted
type of leadership
>> but you'll just see that that leadership
passes it's like a natural quality in us
to to lead and so the question isn't
like what gets us to lead. It's a what
kicks us out of it.
>> If I can't trust the environment, I
don't feel like I'm going to be able to
lead. If I can't trust the people around
me, I don't feel like I can lead. If
I've been told I'm bad, I don't feel I
can lead. It's And so, as you heal from
the traumas, as you get more in touch
with yourself, the natural thing is to
move more and more into leadership. that
there's people who
are not deeply in touch with themselves
that move into leadership because
there's some quality that they're in
touch with, right? But if the more you
get in touch with yourself, the more you
have to get in touch with that quality
>> and the quality is a
listening to your conviction.
And so you might not be able to see
yourself really really clear, but you
listen to your conviction because that
was the only way you could not get
abused or that's the way you showed
value to get loved or anything like
that. But for everybody else, it's just,
oh, I if I know myself, I listen to my
conviction. If I listen to my
conviction, I move into leadership.
>> I I move into acknowledging that I am in
leadership because everybody is in
leadership.
>> Yeah. I I also have a sense that there's
a a common experience for somebody who's
scared to step into leadership is that
like they they want to be loving, but
they don't want to be the [__]
>> Like there's there seems like like
there's a maybe a false binary between
>> love and power.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> And there's like a challenge to
integrate those.
>> Yeah.
>> Can you talk about that a little bit?
>> Yeah. The first thing I'll say is
there's like leadership is super
fragile.
Like
Right? Um
meaning you don't really have power.
You have power because people think you
have power, but that can be taken away
because people stop thinking you have
power. So leadership is it can come and
go really quickly. So to even confuse it
with power is kind of like a silliness.
I think there's an ownership of the
powers recognizing like oh what I what I
say has influence
>> but that should be at any level of
leadership that kind of ownership needs
to be there.
>> Um
but but I think that the underlying
thing is
if I'm a leader I'm going potentially
going to be an [__] or I have a job
to do and therefore I'm going to stop
paying attention to people. I'm going to
stop empathizing even though all the
research shows that empathetic leaders
are more successful leaders, more
emotional intelligence, more successful
leadership.
I mean, I think many people just had the
examples of whoever was in a leadership
or in charge role in their life did so
from a closed heart. And so they believe
that they're going to have to close
their heart to step into making
something happen.
>> Yeah. Or power. Or they close their
hearts in themselves to make something
happen.
>> Yeah.
often the case often the case is that
that their authority figure either
external when they were a kid or their
internal authority figure is an ass and
so they're like oh
my intern this thing inside of me that's
trying to lead
that I acknow I think is a leader even
though I don't really follow it and even
though like it tells me I don't do a
good enough job and so apparently I'm
not doing what it says so I'm not
actually following it which means it's
not actually the leader but I think that
that thing is a leader and I am
>> and I'm and I don't like it so I don't
want to be that in the world.
>> So then we're following the voice in our
head because it's the [__] with
conviction rather than following the
subtle silent calling within us that is
actually
if you're listening to it much like
deeper and broader.
>> Yeah, that's a really
>> present
>> really cool thought process. So I geek
out here on a minute in a minute and
like this might be nonsensical for
people but I think it's kind of cool
which is
right in a weird way the negative self-t
talk that negative voice in your head is
not owning the fact that it's a leader.
>> Oh it's putting it all on you.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. It's doing the blame thing.
>> It's doing the blame thing. So if you
really stop and think about if you said
if my negative self-t talk actually
fully recognized that it was a leader
what would it do differently?
>> Wow.
>> That's kind of a like like that just
just the that cool.
>> If it was the rudder not the captain
>> Yeah.
>> what would it do?
>> Right. That's a fascinating
That's a fascinating thought process
because typically
it's acting like an authority, but it's
not owning its leadership.
>> Yeah. It's blaming you. That's great.
>> Okay. So, for somebody listening to this
right now, they're in their car, they're
doing their workout, and
>> they're about to move on to the next
part of their day.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> How how can that person own their
leadership of their life
just a little bit more in that?
>> All they have to do is recognize it.
>> Uh
>> just recognize that when you smile at
somebody, they're more likely to smile
back.
>> That's leadership. You're at the gym
right now and how you're working out is
giving permission to other people. Like
that's that's all leadership. All all
this really
>> is just to actually allow that [__] in
for a minute to really go, "Oh, oh, I am
in leadership." When I complain to my
husband, that's leadership.
When I wake up and go, I don't want to
go to work today. That's leadership.
When I don't say the thing in the
meeting, that's leadership when I say
the thing in the meeting. That's
leadership. to actually just recognize
everything you are doing
even the way right now you are listening
to this podcast is leadership
>> you are setting an example you're giving
permission you are
are are giving the example of change in
the world
>> and this is bringing up another story
just recently I was on a backpacking
trip with somebody really close to me
and it was their first time backpacking
I've been backpacking many times
>> so I was in the leadership role of hey
we're going backpacking and you know
kind of here's here's how we need to
pack, here's what we need to bring. And
while we were hiking, we were with a
larger group. This person was hiking
slower than everybody. And so I stayed
with them and just the way that they
were doing it. She was just loving
herself in the slowness, loving like
just trusting her her pace, trusting her
own
>> capacity, trusting her own learning of
how it is to get used to walking many
many miles in a day and trust her body.
>> And
the way that she was doing it was
leadership to me cuz I recognized that I
had been associating being in the front,
which I'm usually the zoomer. I like to
right
>> not zoomer like generationally, but like
I like to I like to have the goies. I
like to be in the front. And up in the
front is typically where there's the
most enthusiasm. Right.
>> And so I'd subconsciously associated the
back of the hike with the people who are
>> more tired, maybe struggling more, often
more self-critical.
>> That's great.
>> And she was the opposite of that. And so
it was really beautiful to I I realized
that I was being led energetically,
>> right,
>> on how I can enjoy myself being in a
much slower pace than I traditionally
would be.
>> Yeah.
>> Perfect.
What a pleasure. Great conversation.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Thank you, Joe.
>> You're welcome. Yeah. Thank you.
>> Thank you everybody for listening. I'd
love to hear how you are leading in your
life as you walk forward through this as
you move forward from this episode and
you recognize more and more ways that
you have been leading in your life. I'd
love to hear about it. You can find us
on Twitter on X. You can send us emails.
You can make comments on this in your
podcast platform. Uh tell us about it.
And if you love this episode, share it
with a friend and uh subscribe. This
podcast is hosted by myself, Brett
Kistler, and Joe Hudson. Meta Kelly is
our producer. And this episode is edited
by reasonable volume. Join us next time
for the art of accomplishment where
we're going to go into the imposttor
syndrome. How we are all imposters, why
that's not a problem, and how to find
the confidence in simply seeing and
being ourselves.
[Music]